1. How does tracking and adding changes make developers' lives easier? It gives a history of changes that can be reviewed if something goes wrong, and then lets you go back to before that change.
2. What is a commit? It is one iteration or save of the project that can be reviewed before becoming part of the final product.
3. What are the best practices for commit messages?  Start with a one sentence summary, then give a more detailed explanation below with a space inbetween.
4. What does the HEAD^ argument mean? The current base branch. Usually the master.
5. What are the 3 stages of a git change and how do you move a file from one stage to the other? There is the uncommited, ready to commit, and the committed state.  You use the git add command to add a file, then commit the branch when you are happy with what is ready to commit.
6. Write a handy cheatsheet of the commands you need to commit your changes? git status = shows what is to be committed and not ready.  git add = adds a file to be committed  git commit -m "[Commit message]" commits the current changes with a message.   git reset HEAD [filename] takes a file off the "ready to commit" list
7. What is a pull request and how do you create and merge one? A pull request is a request to merge a branch to the main branch. You must go the the branch you wish to merge and create a new pull request.  Then, whoever has admin control of the main branch can review the request and decide whether to accept.
8. Why are pull requests preferred when working with teams?  It ensures a level of control before everyone in a group makes a final change. Some parts of a group may not know what others are doing exactly, and if code is added together without testing and reviewing first, it can lead to problems.